Mandala flower is the key to my breakthrough
I've been waiting 20,000 years
Just wait until he blooms
You you you
This Lord Demon Emperor actually used an honorific title for him
Humph
Just rely on a spirit medicine to break through the imperial family
I promise you
As long as you hand over the mandala flower
And promised to do three things for the deity
The deity will guide you to help you break through
What Demon Emperor?
Will he get the mandala flower because of it?
And the void is destroyed in Ning
Others don't believe it
But he sat down and the disciple rode like a hemp
Even the dog next to him is close to half the ground
Haha, why don't I believe it?
Ah.
Ok, I'll give it.
This is the legendary mandala flower
The existence of the Sword Demon Empress
Even my father didn't dare to take a second look
It will bow its head like an ant practicing qi
Count you
Wait for the call of the deity
Welcome sir
Hey
Big brother, big brother, you will be my big brother in the future, wait for me.
The devil actually called him his lord